Readings: Ethics

In the article, “Microsoft Employees Protest Work With ICE, as Tech Industry Mobilizes Over Immigration”, I was very inspired to read how there were so many employees of Microsoft and many other tech companies that spoke out against the inhuman practices of ICE. Many people spoke out and posted tweets calling out the company for having contracts with ICE and any other client who worked with ICE. They used the company's mission statement to point out that it didn’t match with the company’s “ethical stances”. There were many letters written to the company demanding them to stop working with any organization that violates international human rights law. The employees used their power collectively for good and many letters were sent with 100’s of signatures. I think more people should use their privilege for good like the employees did in this situation and take a stand against inhumane practices that their company was inadvertently a part of. I admire folx that stand up for good to help others in need. 

Ethics in the workplace
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/19/technology/tech-companies-immigration-border.html



In the article, “The Cybersecurity risk of self-driving cars”, it discussed the possible cons for self driving cars could have. The more technology is a car the more vulnerable it could be for attackers. Self driving cars that are more connected to the outside would through the cloud for the internet, and its functions as a car relying on outside sensors that make it susceptible to hackers. Anytime something is computerized it has a possibility to be hacked in some way. Some were bringing up possible ways that a self-driving car could be hacked, such as making the brake pedal disabled, locking all the smartphones in the car, to making the sensors that read the road signs read them as something to their choosing. Many have discussed the need for the government to make regulations to help solve the security problem and I think that is a great idea. I think the risk for hackers is very high and there is still a lot of need for development in security on self driving cars. 

Ethics in Technology
https://phys.org/news/2017-02-cybersecurity-self-driving-cars.html
